Tutorial/local setup (#47)
gardener/landscaper: docs/tutorials/00-local-setup.md

The only prerequisite is a kubernetes cluster 
(find [below](#kubernetes-clusters) a list of possible local kubernetes installers but basically every k8s should work).

### Install a container registry
The Landscaper depends on an oci compliant registry to fetch Blueprints, Component Descriptors and other artifacts.
[Harbor](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor-helm) can be used as such a registry that can also run beside the Landscaper in a kubernetes cluster.

Configure the harbor with a `values.yaml` file.
See additional configuration options [here](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor-helm).
```
# values.yaml
registry:
  credentials:
    username: "harbor_registry_user"
    password: "harbor_registry_password"
    # If you update the username or password of registry, make sure use cli tool htpasswd to generate the bcrypt hash
    # e.g. "htpasswd -nbBC10 $username $password"
    htpasswd: "harbor_registry_user:$2y$10$9L4Tc0DJbFFMB6RdSCunrOpTHdwhid4ktBJmLD00bYgqkkGOvll3m"
chartmuseum:
  enabled: false
clair:
  enabled: false
trivy:
  enabled: false
notary:
  enabled: false
```

```
helm repo add harbor https://helm.goharbor.io

> helm upgrade --install -n ls-system registry harbor/harbor -f values.yaml

Reviewer: Do we want to install harbor into ls-system or better into a dedicated namespace?

Author: good point, as the harbor deploys some resources we may should suggest to deploy it to the `harbor` ns.

```

Helm installs the registry in the `ls-system` namespace.

> The registry can be used by the landscaper by referencing artifacts via it's internal service `harbor.ls-system:80`

Reviewer: At least with the helm installation above, there is no service with the name `harbor.<namespace>`.  I believe that should be `registry-harbor-registry.<namespace>:5000`.

helm registry login -u myuser localhost:5000 # use the username and pw configured in the values.yaml
helm chart save /tmp/ingress-nginx localhost:5000/charts/ingress-nginx:0.0.1
helm chart push localhost:5000/charts/ingress-nginx:0.0.1

# chart ref inside the cluster: registry-harbor-registry.ls-system:5000/charts/ingress-nginx:0.0.1
```

__Expose the Harbor__:
The harbor can also be exposed so that no `port-forward` proxy is needed to upload artifacts.
:warning: Keep in mind that the kubernetes cluster must support egress traffik and a ingress controller has to be installed.
```yaml
expose:
  type: ingress
  ingress:
    hosts:
      core: "my-host" # you need to set the dns entry on your own
  tls:
    secretName: "" # if you want valid certificates

externalURL: "https://my-host"
```

Upload:
```shell script
# add open source helm registry
helm repo add ingress-nginx https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx
helm repo add stable https://kubernetes-charts.storage.googleapis.com/
helm repo update

# download the helm artifact locally
helm pull ingress-nginx/ingress-nginx --untar --destination /tmp

# upload the oci artifact to a oci registry
export HELM_EXPERIMENTAL_OCI=1

> # helm registry login -u myuser localhost:5000 # optional if configured in the values.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# helm registry login -u admin https://my-host  # take harborAdminPassword from values.yaml, if no other user is specified
```

> # helm registry login -u myuser localhost:5000 # optional if configured in the values.yaml

Reviewer: Login should be to `https://my-host` instead of localhost.
